Doc updates (#441)
terascope/elasticsearch-assets: docs/apis/es_sender.md

> # elasticsearch_sender_api

Reviewer: The filename needs to be same as the api, `elasticsearch_sender_api`

The `elasticsearch_sender_api` will provide a factory that can create sender apis that can be accessed in any operation through the `getAPI` method on the operation.

This is a [Factory API](https://terascope.github.io/teraslice/docs/packages/job-components/api/interfaces/apifactoryregistry), which can be used to fully manage api creation and configuration.

## Elasticsearch Sender Factory API Methods

### size

this will return how many seperate sender apis are in the cache

### get
parameters:
- name: String

this will fetch any sender api that is associated with the name provided

### getConfig
parameters:
- name: String

this will fetch any sender api config that is associated with the name provided

### create (async)
parameters:
- name: String
- configOverrides: Check options below, optional

this will create an instance of a sender api, and cache it with the name given. Any config provided in the second argument will override what is specified in the apiConfig and cache it with the name provided. It will throw an error if you try creating another api with the same name parameter

```typescript

>     const apiManager = this.getAPI<ElasticSenderFactoryAPI>(apiName);
>     // this will return an api cached at "normalClient" and this instance will use all configurations listed on the apiConfig
>     const client = apiManager.create('normalClient')
> 
>     // this will return an api cached at "overrideClient" and this instance will have an override setting the parameter index to "other_index", this will use the rest of the configurations listed in the apiConfig
>     const overrideClient = apiManager.create('overrideClient', { index: 'other_index'})

Reviewer: It is root default indentation here, also the code comments are kind of confusing

```suggestion
const apiManager = this.getAPI<ElasticSenderFactoryAPI>(apiName);
// this will return an api cached at "normalClient" and it will use the default api config
const client = apiManager.create('normalClient');

// this will return an api cached at "overrideClient" and it will use the api config but override the index to "other_index" in the new instance.
const overrideClient = apiManager.create('overrideClient', { index: 'other_index' });
```

```

### remove (async)
parameters:
- name: String

this will remove an instance of a sender api from the cache and will follow any cleanup code specified in the api code.

### entries

This will allow you to iterate over the cache name and client of the cache

### keys

This will allow you to iterate over the cache name of the cache

### values

> This will allow you to iterate over the clients of the cache

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will allow you to iterate over the values of the cache
```

## Elasticsearch Sender Instance
This is the sender class that is returned from the create method of the APIFactory. This returns an [elastic-api](https://terascope.github.io/teraslice/docs/packages/elasticsearch-api/overview).

### send
```(records: DataEntities[]) => Promise<void>```
parameters:
- records: an array of data-entities

```js

>     // this will read the first 500 bytes of the file
>     const data = [
>             DataEntity.make({ some: 'data', name: 'someName', job: 'to be awesome!' })
>     ];
> 
>     await api.send(data)

Reviewer: The indentation here is odd, also there is an obvious copy and paste comment at the top.

```suggestion
await api.send([
    DataEntity.make({ some: 'data', name: 'someName', job: 'to be awesome!' })
]);
```

| create| Specify if the incoming records should be used to perform an create event ("put-if-absent" behavior)| Boolean | optional, defaults to false |
| update | Specify if the data should update existing records, if false it will index them | Boolean | optional, defaults to false |
| update_fields | if you are updating the documents, you can specify fields to update here (it should be an array containing all the field names you want), it defaults to sending the entire document | Array | optional, defaults to [] |
| script_file | Name of the script file to run as part of an update request | String | optional |
| script | Inline script to include in each indexing request. Only very simple painless scripts are currently supported | String | optional |
| script_params | key -> value parameter mappings. The value will be extracted from the incoming data and passed to the script as param based on the key | Object | optional |
| update_retry_on_conflict | If there is a version conflict from an update how often should it be retried | Number | optional, defaults to 0 |

> ### Example Processor using a file sender api

Reviewer: Be careful about copy and pasting.

```suggestion
### Example Processor using the elasticsearch sender API
```
